I really friends its Julie and today I
just want to do a quick video about a
couple of products that I was asked to
review this is not a sponsored video but
I was given these products for free just
to test out and give my opinions based
on my experience with them so here I am
and I was happy to do this I was not
paid to do this I was just given the
products for free and the products in
question are Persil I hope I'm saying
that name right Pro clean laundry
detergent I got one packet of this so
there's a little booklet but then
there's like this packet this is what's
left of it I cut the top off and you did
and the other one is tied pure clean and
this is I think their latest product out
to be honest I had never heard of
personal before and it turned out I was
at the drugstore the other day and they
had a big container of it so it existed
I just apparently have looked past it
every single time I don't know tied I've
seen a commercial online before probably
on youtube for it and I have been kind
of curious about this if you've been
watching my channel for a while you
might know that I've been using silk
nuts for the last probably six or eight
months or something like that I
absolutely love them it's just soap nuts
it's that's all it is it's a little
dried berry husk and that's all that's
in it there's no smell at all so I
haven't used anything with a fragrance
in my laundry for quite some time and
there is no fabric softener so I didn't
use fabric softener with either of these
because I didn't I wasn't given any so I
don't want to taint the results or
something like that I'll start with
Persil it's Pro clean premium experience
premium clean and says premium laundry
detergent and I followed the
instructions but all it said was follow
machine washing machine instructions for
adding detergent so that's what I did
it's on the inside of the lid I just
poured it in there the first thing I
noticed this is a pale blue color so I'm
assuming there are dies in it and it had
a really really strong fragrance I
washed one load I did a few items I did
tank top and then mostly I did things
like a big towel for when I dried some
things off when I clean my fish tank and
because I just got a whole new batch of
fish to add to my tank so I'm really
happy about that but that's another
thing anyway but um yeah so I used it on
that because I didn't want to use it on
something like sheets or something that
I was gonna wear against myself too much
because I was very afraid of that
fragrance like the first thing it hit me
really hard it was very very strong but
I did want to do something that I would
be able to wear so that I could test it
that's why the tank top so um I did this
I dried it while I was actually doing
the load of laundry I coughed and
sneezed almost the entire time and my
laundry machines and my living room
where I spend most of my time our
opposite ends of my home from each other
but I think it's picked it up in the
duct work or something like that so that
made me a little bit concerned the
things the items that I hung to dry the
fragrance was crazy strong the stuff
that was in the dryer wasn't that much
less I have worn the tank top scent I
didn't have a reaction with my skin but
I had to I kept having to clear my
throat and I felt like I had an itchy
throat and I was like coughing a lot so
that fragrance really really got to me
and it could be that I I mean I'm
sensitive to fragrances anyway but it
could be that I'm just super sensitive
to it now that I haven't used them for
so long so but um I did have my mama who
I was shopping with at the time smell of
a bottle of it at the drugstore when I
spotted it and she was blown back by it
too so if you like strong fragrances in
your laundry which a lot of people do
and that's awesome um this you might
find this appealing like check it out
and smell it the drugs or if you want um
it got everything really really clean
happy with that but I could not use this
again I would be afraid of using it
against my skin over time on my face
because I have rosacea and I've never
successfully used anything except soap
nuts on for example my pillowcase that
would be against my face so um that
would be just out of the question to
even try for me by the way um if it
looks like I've had awesome progress
it's not
because of the light therapy that I've
been doing which is coming along nicely
but I have makeup on right now I'm about
to go out immediately after filming this
are recording this video I have an event
for my book to attend but um yeah so as
much as I'd love to say like look how
great my my experiment is going it's not
going quite this well but I will be
updating about that very very soon um
the other product is this Tide pure
clean and to be honest I'm super loyal
to the sells nuts none of this is
sponsored including for that um I really
really love those but I was curious
about this when I saw the commercial
because it made it look so sort of pure
and clean and things like that
and it does say that there are no ties
no colorants in it and it's even made in
a hundred percent renewable electricity
facility and there's a symbol of a
windmill so I'm thinking maybe it's wind
powered I was given I've used one of
these you know I've used two of these I
have three left and this one is in the
honey lavender scent when I saw the
honey lavender scent on it I got really
nervous because I had already tried the
other one that Brazil won um this is
much much much milder it is clear it is
not blue so um I guess because it
doesn't have dyes in it um what I found
a little bit interesting about the
instructions is it says pretreat with
Type O with liquid tide add detergent
then add clothes this was all I was sent
so all I did was just and it says
detergent right on it so this is the
detergent phase so I didn't pretreat
anything I just added this and chucked
everything into the washing machine um
no it does say wind power electricity on
it so yes it is a wood powered facility
I guess I should have read this a little
more closely
um it's also it says this product is
made at a zero manufacturing waste to
landfill site so that's kind of nice so
I mean it's smaller eco footprint I'm
assuming using this which is you know
great I did a few as I said a couple of
loads I've done some clothes in this I
found everything came out clean I did
find that it had a mild fragrance but it
wasn't one I could tolerate when I hung
it on the line um I could smell it a
little bit when I put it in the dryer I
could barely smell it at all once it
came out unless I kind of got my nose
right in there so you know that's kind
of nice that it's not overpowering it
nice for me because I can't take it but
um yeah not bad um it says it's USDA
certifies bio-based product for
sixty-five percent so 65 percent of it
is bio-based I don't know if that's
necessarily good I don't know if that
means 65 percent natural or if it's kind
of one of those wording things it also
means that 35 percent of it sounds like
it's probably chemical this hasn't
swayed me to go away from the soap nuts
I really love them all so with both of
these because I would have needed a
fabric softener which I did not use I
didn't have any and I didn't want to
taint the results I found that my
fabrics were a little bit stiff and a
little bit lengthy which I don't get
with the soap nuts because they have
kind of a natural softening thing right
built in but um this was interesting to
try and to be honest I will use the
other three packets this one and the
other two I'll use them I probably won't
use them all things like sheets or stuff
that I will hold against my skin I'm
just a little bit sensitive over
sensitive to that now but I will use it
you know on some other things definitely
and it wasn't a negative experience at
all I did find the the fragrance on it
like super light and it was very
pleasant so I wouldn't have said it
smelled like lavender it was definitely
more it's a honey lavender I would say
it's more to the honey than the lavender
I couldn't detect maybe slightly floral
but not lavender anyway so that's what I
thought about those two products I do
thank the marketing people who
apparently sent these two products to my
p.o box I appreciate it I do like trying
things out and you know even if I'm not
sure about it I'll certainly test it out
because I like to be so pleasantly
surprised by things or at least know for
sure and I really like sharing my
experiences with you but um yeah so I
hope you like this video um I hope it
helped you to learn more about products
you might have been considering or
something like that or at least
entertained you if you did like this
video please give it a thumbs up and if
you want to see more videos like this I
make new videos every Sunday and
Thursday so please subscribe and I will
see you next time